docs/syntax.rst, before:

Syntax
======

A table of the syntax for different operations.

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Syntax                                                                   | Operation                                                                              |
+==========================================================================+========================================================================================+
| ``:var varName .= <int>``                                                | Define a new variable                                                                  |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:obj objectiveName <objective>``                                       | Define a new scoreboard objective                                                      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:sobj objectiveName <objective> <target> <assignment operator> <int>`` | Set the value of an objective for a given target (eg. ``@a`` or ``PlayerName``)        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:def defName <text replacement>``                                      | Define a text replacement for the preprocessor. See examples for more information      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:var varName <assignment operator> <int>``                             | Update the value of an existing variable                                               |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:tvar varName``                                                        | Used to test variables in ``if`` commands (eg. ``execute if :tvar varName matches 1``) |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:func name``                                                           | Define a function. Generates a new mcfunction file                                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:endfunc``                                                             | Close a function definition.                                                           |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:call <function>``                                                     | Call a function. Can infer namespace based on directory (see function calling example) |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:while <condition>``                                                   | Create a while loop. Condition should be something passable to an ``if`` command.      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:endwhile``                                                            | Close a while loop.                                                                    |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Assignment Operators                                                     |                                                                                        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``+=``                                                                   | Add to a variable.                                                                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-=``                                                                   | Subtract from a variable.                                                              |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``=``                                                                    | Set the value of a variable.                                                           |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Add keywords for scoreboard player operations (#47)
Adds :sbop and :gvar keywords for scoreboard operations as well as documentation.

docs/syntax.rst, after:

Syntax
======

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Syntax                                                                   | Notes                                                                                  |
+==========================================================================+========================================================================================+
| ``:var varName .= <int>``                                                | Define a new variable                                                                  |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:obj objectiveName <objective>``                                       | Define a new scoreboard objective                                                      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:sobj objectiveName <objective> <target> <assignment operator> <int>`` | Set the value of an objective for a given target (eg. ``@a`` or ``PlayerName``)        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:def defName <text replacement>``                                      | Define a text replacement for the preprocessor. See examples for more information      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:var varName <assignment operator> <int>``                             | Update the value of an existing variable                                               |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:tvar varName``                                                        | Used to test variables in ``if`` commands (eg. ``execute if :tvar varName matches 1``) |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:func name``                                                           | Define a function. Generates a new mcfunction file                                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:endfunc``                                                             | Close a function definition.                                                           |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:call <function>``                                                     | Call a function. Can infer namespace based on directory (see function calling example) |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:while <condition>``                                                   | Create a while loop. Condition should be something passable to an ``if`` command.      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:endwhile``                                                            | Close a while loop.                                                                    |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:sbop``                                                                | Shorthand for ``scoreboard players operation``                                         |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:gvar varName``                                                        | Can be used with a scoreboard operation as such: `:sbop :gvar var1 += :gvar var2`      |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``:delvar varName`` OR ``:delobj objName``                               | Delete a variable or objective. Can be used interchangeably                            |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Assignment Operators                                                     |                                                                                        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``+=``                                                                   | Add to a variable.                                                                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-=``                                                                   | Subtract from a variable.                                                              |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``=``                                                                    | Set the value of a variable.                                                           |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
